attr_mass of each ParticleAttractor:
creates that super fun gravitational pull. raise this.

mul_attractors:
general multiplier for attraction, kinda just makes the attractors become black holes / garbage compactors (which piles all the particles into one spot where they get stuck, therefore sucking the fun out of everything). lower this.
	*edit!!
	once you force the particles to individually take up space with mul_collision, this variable becomes so-so-so fun. it's basically my speed slider. i use it to balance out the hard slow from damping and keep things interesting.

mul_cohesion:
how much each particle wants to stick to another particle. i think.
in theory you want this high bc, idk, water tension - but it ends up making clumps? like a swarm of angry bees. still deciding what the optimal level for this is.
if you crank it high enough you start to get that funny glubglubglub shape that water flowing from a pipe has, but it doesn't look right here.
however, leave it too low and you get the scattered bouncy balls look. definitely not "water" enough :/

size_display, size_collision:
self explanatory, keep sprite > collider for a nice overlap

size_cohesion:
...huh. what's the difference between size_cohesion and mul_?
let's find out :) matrix time

	all mul, no size
	===
	a few scattered bits, but most of them clump into small awkward balls. avoid the angry bees at all costs.
	
	all size, no mul
	===
	they all arc to the new destination in this magnet-like pattern - and do a really gorgeous swirl around the attractors when they get there!!
	not the biggest fan of the scattering though. it happens the most when you wave back and forth really fast - i think the particles consider each other obstacles. i would turn it off but that's probably a good thing.)

	max both
	===
	oooooh if you crank them BOTH up (38 and 8) it looks pretty cool. like a giant water blob. but... then you run into a new issue: the particles want to cling to each other MORE than they want to move to the attractors. (even if you stack them.)

	zero both
	===
	awful amount of scattering at any speed


mul_collision:
ohhhh this solves the black hole issue!! the particles stopped stacking once i raised this past 2.0 or so. now they gather round instead of just disappearing to nowhere. scoreeee.

mul_obstacles:
still figuring this one out? doesn't seem to affect what i'm doing in this sketch. (yet.)


**velocity damping is... interesting. it gets rid of that fun planetarium swirl, but in return you get this gorgeous "weight-y" feel that gives it some drama and really pulls everything together? (literally lmao.) i think i like the effect best at 0.985??
the slower motions forces you to be deliberate with your movements too (though i would speed it up a tiny bit if i could - 0.99 technically does this but ruins the charm)
and because of the nature of it - no more messy flicks flying all over the screen! (i do want "splash" effects eventually - but i think it has to happen en masse or it just looks weird.)

all in all it definitely captures the "water whip" look!! katara would be proud :)


what would this look like with a LOT of particles?
processing doesn't seem to be a problem - right now we're running 400+ fps with 18,739